---
layout: post
title:  "How does database indexing work?"
date:  2019-04-09
description: ""
img: bd.png
tags: [db]
---

## How does database indexing work?
([stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/a/1130/2195426))

searching on a field that isn’t sorted requires a Linear Search which requires `N/2` block accesses (on average), where N is the number of blocks that the table spans. 
Whereas with a sorted field, a **Binary Search** may be used, which has `log2 N` block accesses. 

Indexing is a way of sorting a number of records on multiple fields. Creating an index on a field in a table creates another data structure which holds the field value, and a pointer to the record it relates to. This index structure is then sorted, allowing **Binary Searches** to be performed on it.

Since indexes are only used to speed up the searching for a matching field within the records, it stands to reason that indexing fields used only for output would be simply a waste of disk space and processing time when doing an insert or delete operation, and thus should be avoided.

## Useful Resources
### The Joy of MongoDB Indexes
[The Joy of MongoDB Indexes (Reprinted)](../the-joy-of-mongodb-indexes/)
- Bonus Quiz: 
  - Our cookbook now has three indexes: one on recipe name, one on ingredients, and one on ingredient->name. With the compound index in place, is it possible to eliminate either of the first two indexes we created?
- Answer:
  - Yes! We can safely tear out the single-key index on ingredients. Why? Because a search that just specifies an ingredient can use the index on ingredient->name. If we know an ingredient, we can, using that compound index, easily get a list of all page numbers containing said ingredient. Look again at the sample entries for this index to see why this is so.

### MongoDB Document - Indexes
[MongoDB Document - Indexes](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/indexes/)

- Single Field Index
```javascript
db.collection.createIndex( { name: -1 } )
```
- Compound Index
```javascript
db.collection.createIndex( { userid: 1,  score: -1 } )
// the index sorts first by userid and then, within each userid value, sorts by score.
```
